README.md, before:

# ember-smart-banner
----
ember-smart-banner is an addon that can be installed with Ember CLI.  The addon provides a simple configurable Smart Banner that can be used in your Ember.js application.

----
## Installation
    $ cd your-project-directory
    $ ember install ember-smart-banner

----
## Usage
You can place the component directly in ```application.hbs``` file in order for component to be rendered by default when your application starts

    //your-ember-app/app/templates/application.hbs
    {{smart-banner}}
    {{outlet}}

Banner Defaults:

    appStoreLinkBase: 'https://itunes.apple.com'
    appStoreLanguage: 'en'
    appIdIOS: '123',
    marketLinkBase: 'market://details?id=',
    appIdAndroid: '123',
    title: 'App Name',
    description: 'Company Name, Inc.',
    linkText: 'View',
    link: 'https://itunes.apple.com',
    iconUrl: 'http://icons.iconarchive.com/icons/wineass/ios7-redesign/512/Appstore-icon.png'

Banner can be configured through ```config/environment.js```

    module.exports = function(environment) {
      var ENV = {

        ...

        emberSmartBanner: {
          title: 'App Title',
          description: 'Description',
          linkText: 'View',
          appIdIOS: '123',
          appStoreLanguage: 'en',
          iconUrl: 'http://icons.iconarchive.com/icons/wineass/ios7-redesign/512/Appstore-icon.png'
        }

        ...

Set title, description, link test, and url for icon through template

    {{smart-banner
        appIdIOS=12335
        appIdAndroid=56789
        appStoreLanguage=fr // set to french ISO 639-1 code
        openAfterClose=30 // show close button 30 days after
        openAfterVisit=false // never show again after click
    }}
----
## Features
* iOS 7 or later banner design
* Detects iOS or Android platform and links to appropriate store
* Automatically determines whether the app is supported on the user’s device (iOS or Android). If the device loading the banner does not support your app, or if your app is not available in the user's location, the banner will not display.
* Set number of days before the banner is shown again after it's closed and/or after the visitor clicks "View" button
* Option to set number of days before the banner is shown again to 'false' to never show banner again after the visitor clicks "View" button
* Flexible configuration allows you to always show banner regardless of operating system
* It will not render on iOS or Android unless their respective appId is set
* Set title, description, link test, and url for icon through template
* Configure parameters in your application's environment using the default environment config file at ```config/environment```
* Render defaults if no parameters are set
* Set duration to postpone showing the banner again after it's closed and/or after the visitor clicks "View" button


        showAfterClose=3 // show 3 days after banner it closed
        showAfterVisit=30 // show 30 days after clicking visit link

* Set banner to default to open or default to close next time the user starts the application


        showAfterClose=true // show banner again after clicking visit
        showAfterVisit=true // show banner again after clicking visit
        showAfterClose=false // never show again after clicking visit
        showAfterVisit=false  // never show again after clicking visit

----
##Roadmap
* Automatic icon detection
* Refactor tests to use utils
* Mozilla local-forage implementation
* Windows support
* If the app is already installed on a user's device, the banner intelligently changes its action, and tapping the banner will simply open the app.
* Provide navigational context to native app

Commit message:

update readme to reflect new action hooks, onclose, onvisit

README.md, after:

# ember-smart-banner
----
ember-smart-banner is an addon that can be installed with Ember CLI.  The addon provides a simple configurable Smart Banner that can be used in your Ember.js application.

----
## Installation
    $ cd your-project-directory
    $ ember install ember-smart-banner

----
## Usage
You can place the component directly in ```application.hbs``` file in order for component to be rendered by default when your application starts

    //your-ember-app/app/templates/application.hbs
    {{smart-banner}}
    {{outlet}}

Banner Defaults:

    appStoreLinkBase: 'https://itunes.apple.com'
    appStoreLanguage: 'en'
    appIdIOS: '123',
    marketLinkBase: 'market://details?id=',
    appIdAndroid: '123',
    title: 'App Name',
    description: 'Company Name, Inc.',
    linkText: 'View',
    link: 'https://itunes.apple.com',
    iconUrl: 'http://icons.iconarchive.com/icons/wineass/ios7-redesign/512/Appstore-icon.png'

Banner can be configured through ```config/environment.js```

    module.exports = function(environment) {
      var ENV = {

        ...

        emberSmartBanner: {
          title: 'App Title',
          description: 'Description',
          linkText: 'View',
          appIdIOS: '123',
          appStoreLanguage: 'en',
          iconUrl: 'http://icons.iconarchive.com/icons/wineass/ios7-redesign/512/Appstore-icon.png'
        }

        ...

Set title, description, link test, and url for icon through template

    {{smart-banner
        appIdIOS=12335
        appIdAndroid=56789
        appStoreLanguage=fr // set to french ISO 639-1 code
        openAfterClose=30 // show close button 30 days after
        openAfterVisit=false // never show again after click
    }}
----
## Features
* iOS 7 or later banner design
* Detects iOS or Android platform and links to appropriate store
* Automatically determines whether the app is supported on the user’s device (iOS or Android). If the device loading the banner does not support your app, or if your app is not available in the user's location, the banner will not display.
* Set number of days before the banner is shown again after it's closed and/or after the visitor clicks "View" button
* Option to set number of days before the banner is shown again to 'false' to never show banner again after the visitor clicks "View" button
* Flexible configuration allows you to always show banner regardless of operating system
* It will not render on iOS or Android unless their respective appId is set
* Set title, description, link test, and url for icon through template
* Configure parameters in your application's environment using the default environment config file at ```config/environment```
* Render defaults if no parameters are set
* Set duration to postpone showing the banner again after it's closed and/or after the visitor clicks "View" button


        showAfterClose=3 // show 3 days after banner it closed
        showAfterVisit=30 // show 30 days after clicking visit link

* Set banner to default to open or default to close next time the user starts the application


        showAfterClose=true // show banner again after clicking visit
        showAfterVisit=true // show banner again after clicking visit
        showAfterClose=false // never show again after clicking visit
        showAfterVisit=false  // never show again after clicking visit

* Define your own callback to be invoked when clicking view button or close button

        {{smart-banner
            appIdIOS=12335
            appIdAndroid=56789
            onclose=(action myCallback) // callback will be invoked when use clicks close
            onvisit=(action anotherCallback) // callback will be invoked when user clicks view
        }}


----
##Roadmap
* Automatic icon detection
* Refactor tests to use utils
* Mozilla local-forage implementation
* Windows support
* If the app is already installed on a user's device, the banner intelligently changes its action, and tapping the banner will simply open the app.
* Provide navigational context to native app
